Add nc2mmd API usage example (#108)
metno/data-management-handbook: source/register_context.adoc

API function can be used to create MMD files from NetCDF-CF files that follow the
recommendations in <<data-as-netcdf-cf>>.

You will need to clone the
link:https://github.com/metno/py-mmd-tools.git[py-mmd-tools] repository and
make a local installation with, e.g., `pip install .`. This should bring in all
needed dependencies (we recommend to use a virtual environment).

Example usage:

1. Download an example NetCDF-CF file:
+
[source]
----
wget https://thredds.met.no/thredds/fileServer/met.no/observations/surface/96220/216/lebesby_karlmyhr_max_air_temperature.nc
----
2. Create a json copy of the metadata with the `ncheader2json` script, and push this to the nc2mmd API function:
+
[source]
----
ncheader2json -i ./lebesby_karlmyhr_max_air_temperature.nc | curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @- "https://py-mmd-tools.s-enda.k8s.met.no/nc2mmd?return_xml=1&url=https://thredds.met.no/thredds/dodsC/met.no/observations/surface/96220/216/lebesby_karlmyhr_max_air_temperature.nc&parent=no.met:9fbe6a04-279c-46b8-a582-bb08f4b11794" > my_mmd.xml
----

The API is currently an early version. If it fails, and the error is unclear,

> please contact the Data Manager or try to use the nc2mmd script locally.

Author: ```suggestion
please try to use the nc2mmd script locally or contact the Data Manager.
```

recommendations in <<data-as-netcdf-cf>>.

You will need to clone the
link:https://github.com/metno/py-mmd-tools.git[py-mmd-tools] repository and
make a local installation with, e.g., `pip install .`. This should bring in all
needed dependencies (we recommend to use a virtual environment).

Example usage:

1. Download an example NetCDF-CF file:
+
[source]
----
wget https://thredds.met.no/thredds/fileServer/met.no/observations/surface/96220/216/lebesby_karlmyhr_max_air_temperature.nc
----
2. Create a json copy of the metadata with the `ncheader2json` script, and push this to the nc2mmd API function:
+
[source]
----
ncheader2json -i ./lebesby_karlmyhr_max_air_temperature.nc | curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @- "https://py-mmd-tools.s-enda.k8s.met.no/nc2mmd?return_xml=1&url=https://thredds.met.no/thredds/dodsC/met.no/observations/surface/96220/216/lebesby_karlmyhr_max_air_temperature.nc&parent=no.met:9fbe6a04-279c-46b8-a582-bb08f4b11794" > my_mmd.xml
----

The API is currently an early version. If it fails, and the error is unclear,
please try to use the nc2mmd script locally in order to understand what is

> wrong.

Reviewer: This is not entirely true, as long as the flag return_xml is set to false(default) the nc2mmd errors and warnings will also be returned, if only warnings was raised, the resulting mmd is also returned.

> please try to use the nc2mmd script locally in order to understand what is
> wrong.

Author: ```suggestion
please contact the Data Manager or try to use the nc2mmd script locally.
```

Reviewer: I think it should say that the API will return an error message if there are errors in nc file header, and if they can not interpret the error message from the API, contact the Data Manager or try the nc2mmd script.

> The OpenAPI documentation for the API can be found at py-mmd-tools.s-enda.k8s.met.no/docs

Author: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI documentation for the API can be found at https://py-mmd-tools.s-enda.k8s.met.no/docs.
```
